Hello and welcome back to the course on tableau.
And today we're downloading and connecting to the dataset that we require for this section.
So let's go ahead and get started with that.
We're going to need a browser and we're going to go to supersize dot com slash tableau.
And if you scroll down to the bottom here there is Section Six tableau calculations more dashboards
and storytelling.
And this is where our dataset sits.
It's called the UK bank customers that see a three That's right.
We're back to a CSA we file because it's always good to know how to connect to different data sets and
practice of different types of files.
And before we download the file I just wanted to say that there is a small caveat here that today's
data set is dummy data for an imaginary bank operating in the UK.
So you don't have to worry.
This is not a real customer data.
This is all mockup data created specifically for the purposes of this exercise.
So let's go ahead and download that save link as I'll just put it into my folder.
And now if I open up the folder so I actually already had one so I didn't really need to download.
So there is a file and let's open that up and have a look at what is inside.
So there is Excel.
I'm going to copy the file into there and now I'll just zoom in a bit.
I don't need the browser anymore.
I'll just zoom in a bit here.
Let's make space for these columns OK.
So we've got customer I.D. the idea of the customer the name of the customer the surname the gender
of the customer.
Age of the customer the region in the UK where they're from or where the branch is located.
So it's either England Northern Ireland Wales or Scotland.
The job classification whether they're white collar blue collar or other the date they join the bank.
So this is a relatively new bank.
It's only been operating for a year for the year of 2015 from January to December.
So that's when all of these customers joined and the balance on the account of the customer in dollars
or pounds doesn't really matter.
Just some sort of currency.
And now if we go down to the very bottom here you'll see that there's four thousand and fifteen rows
actually four thousand fourteen because one rose a header.
So not a lot of customers relatively new bank.
And what they want us to do is they want us to analyze how the different regions are represented in
this customer base.
So basically what the customers look like in the different regions so they can assess who is interested
in their bank in these different areas of the UK and how to better service their customers.
So we need to create some visuals a dashboard a and a storyline to actually portray what we want to
tell the executives and explain about the user base so basically all of the findings that we uncover.
So that's our dataset.
Let's close this file.
No we don't want to say changes and we will go ahead and connect Tableau to this file.
So this is no longer an Excel file it's a text file because CSP files are deemed text files and we're
going to open up UK bank customers and there we go.
So there is our fault the bottom if we scroll down we'll just to check that everything's okay and the
total number of rows is correct.
That's good.
And now we can proceed to creating our visualizations that we will require for our analysis.
So that was all for today I look forward to seeing you next time when we will start analyzing the customers
and creating some cool charts and maps and stuff like that.
So until next time happy analyzing.